README.md, before:

# hinder

A collection of useful C++ libraries.

To *hinder* something is to make doing that thing more difficult. I chose this name because it is an
antonym of [boost](https://www.boost.org/): my favorite C++ library. Hopefully, hinder also boosts
your productivity despite the play on words! :wink:

# Documentation and Usage

See the the code for documentation and examples. Reading the code and comments really is the best
way to learn and use this library. I prize clean, simple, readable code. However, there is general
documentation in the [doc directory](./doc/contents.md).

# Goals

* Easy to use but hard to misuse.
* High performance but clear, simple, and clean.
* Use the latest C++ standard, techniques, and practices.
* Prefer the standard library, libraries on track for standardization, or Boost.

# Compilers and Platforms

I currently use C++17 on Debian 11 (Bullseye) and GCC 10.2 for most of my own work. This will be the
most tested configuration. At-least by me. When Bullseye is released and becomes stable, this is
what I will use until use until right before the next release (usually shortly before the first
freeze).

### C++ Standard

If you do not set CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD, the default is C++ 17. At the moment, the minimum I
test/require is C++11.

### Compilers

* Clang
* GCC

### Platforms

* Debian Stable (The reference platform for all development.)

See the [docker directory](./docker) for tools to build containers with everything you need to
build this library. 

# Dependencies

See CMakeLists.txt in each subproject for the definitive list dependencies or see the documentation
in the [doc directory](./doc/contents.md).

# Build Options

See the main CMakeLists.txt or the [doc directory](./doc/contents.md) for each subproject. However,
there is one global option:

* **HINDER_WITH_TESTS** Build tests when ON. [default = ON]

To use the option(s) with CMake, do the following from your build directory:

```bash
cd <path_to_hinder_build_dir>
cmake -D<option>=ON|OFF <path_to_hinder_source> && make -j && make install
```

# Helping

I would love suggestions, fixes, documentation, examples, and other contributions. I would also be
interested in help supporting other platforms. Feel free to discuss additions/contributions with me.

Commit message:

Fix a few typos; move the dependency and cmake options into separate files.

README.md, after:

# hinder

A collection of useful C++ libraries.

To *hinder* something is to make doing that thing more difficult. I chose this name because it is an
antonym of [boost](https://www.boost.org/): my favorite C++ library. Hopefully, hinder also boosts
your productivity despite the play on words! :wink:

In part this library is the evolution of an earlier attempt to modernize and then share code I have
written over the years. Also, I want to provide some capabilities that I wish were in the
standard, Boost, or other libraries.

# Documentation and Usage

See the the code for documentation and examples. Reading the code and comments really is the best
way to learn and use this library. I prize clean, simple, readable code. However, I provide general
documentation in the [doc directory](./doc/contents.md).

# Goals

* Easy to use but hard to misuse.
* High performance but clear, simple, and clean.
* Use the latest C++ standard, techniques, and practices.
* Prefer the standard library, libraries on track for standardization, or Boost.

# Compilers and Platforms

I currently use C++17 on Debian 11 (Bullseye) and GCC 10.2 for most of my own work. This will be the
most tested configuration. At-least by me. When Bullseye is released and becomes stable, I will
continue to use stable until right before the next release (usually shortly before the first freeze)
to start porting to the next release.

### C++ Standard

If you do not set CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD, the default is C++ 17. At the moment, the minimum I
test/require is C++11.

### Compilers

* Clang
* GCC

### Platforms

* Debian Stable (The reference platform for all development.)

See the [docker directory](./docker) for tools to create containers (via Docker or Podman) with
everything you need to build this library. If you have trouble building this library on your Linux
distribution, let me know by opening an issue. BUT, if you can try, the reference container
(Debian Stable).

# Dependencies

See CMakeLists.txt in each subproject for the definitive list dependencies or see the documentation
in the [doc directory](./doc/contents.md).

# Build Options

See the main CMakeLists.txt or the [doc directory](./doc/contents.md) for each subproject.

# Helping

I would love suggestions, fixes, documentation, examples, and other contributions. I would also be
interested in help supporting other platforms. Feel free to discuss additions/contributions with me.
